---
title: "The Beef Alfredo Recipe I Just Made Up"
categories: journal
tags: [documentation,sample]
image: john_1.jpg
---

Since the quarantine for covid started, one of the dishes I've missed was the nice beef alfredo I used to have at a café near the university. Being the "how hard can it be" person that I am I decided to make it myself. Here is what you will need for about 2-3 plates (that is the level of accuracy we're working with here, you can wing it and change/add as you please, its a pretty forgiving recipe):
- 2 cups of milk
- 125 millilitres of cream ($\approx$ 3 tablespoons)
- One finely diced garlic clove
- Olive oil
- 150 grams of ground beef (you can use thin strips of filet as well, I would recommend against the use of fattier cuts as the excess fat might clash with the sauce.)
- One diced onion
- A couple of sliced green chillies
- 200 grams of pasta (whatever shape you like, doesn't matter)
- Ketchup
- Shredded cheese (also optional is some parmesan)

**Part 1, The sauce**:
In a pan, add the garlic and the olive oil and fry for 30 seconds, then add the milk and cream and stir under medium heat. Add salt, pepper and oregano to taste, basically try to recreate your favorite chicken alfredo sauce. As the sauce gets thicker add some shredded cheese to make it richer and creamier (trust me, its worth the carbs). I would say about 2 handfuls. The thickness depends on your liking, I like to keep it on the stove for 3-5 minutes after it starts being able to coat the back of a spoon and then take it off. If it got too thick don't worry, wait until its mixed with the beef then add some pasta water and it turns back around.

**Part 2, The beef**:
sauté the onions until soft and fragrant, then add the beef and cook under medium heat until the beef is completely browned (even a little crisped up is fine and tasty). Season with salt and pepper plus some garlic powder (very little). When the beef is completely browned and about 5 minutes from being done add the green chillies.

Now pour the sauce into the beef (we want all of that delicious fond on the bottom of the pot!) and stir to mix, add a dash of ketchup (its fine if you don't add ketchup, but I found that about 3/4 of a tablespoon really gives a nice flavor), add the pasta and give a good mixing. Plate with a healthy amount of parmesan and maybe some fresh vegetable leaves of your liking.

The whole ordeal took me about 40 minutes from start to finish, and I forgot to boil the pasta before starting the sauce. Its a pretty fast recipe so you should prepare the ingredients in advance. Also, I have not experimented with the "one pot" configuration where you pour the milk and cream directly into the beef. I suspect that this would cause the beef to lose its texture, although I might be mistaken.

Best consumed with amazing 80s French music: 
<iframe style="display:block; margin: auto" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/0nxfTcWzYw9EDgT92WZhIv" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>

Photo taken from Flickr, by [John](https://www.flickr.com/photos/john_7639/)