---
title: "You Give Me All That I Need"
categories: journal
tags: [documentation,sample]
image: susan_jensen_1.jpg
---
Let me preface this by sharing the titular song:

<iframe style="display:block; margin:auto" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/6fmeHba2eOUPvOsg3gVO4f" width="100%" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>

Relationships are often tough, full of ebbs and flows and up and downs and all sorts of other stuff. But, in my limited experience, I've learned that the pros greatly outnumber the cons. You see, I used to be a wee bit solitary when I was growing up, maybe I will write the details one day, anyways, after I grew a bit and started to wade the social waters on my own I thought to myself "damn, I can get used to _this_!". I enjoyed the company of others more than I thought I ever would. And I met my fair share of women (for a guy just barely breaking 20, but, ya know...) and I enjoyed the time I spent with them.

I guess what I'm trying to say is that I realized I like this "two-person collaborative effort" idea for life a lot better than just going at it alone. And I noticed I started to get up earlier in the mornings too! I guess having the right woman in your life makes you wanna get up at 4 a.m. and just start working. This doesn't mean that I stop caring for myself when I'm alone, or that I tend to work more when I'm by myself. Just that... I tend to have a much better time working when I've got someone by my side who shares in my joys and tears. Or I get my affairs in order much sooner when I know I have someone to take care of and be beside.

I guess this is just an extension of my behaviour and how I conduct myself; I sleep when I like and get up when I like, but if I have _somewhere to be_, then I _will_ be there, even if I haven't slept the previous night. So, yeah. Things are kinda cloudy right now, can't even tell where my own two feet are in this fog of a future I have. But at least I am happy, or I think I am.
<iframe style="display:block; margin: auto" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/2VEY7iqp9XmI1J73jbBvL3" width="100%" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>

Photo taken from Flickr, by [Susan Jensen](https://www.flickr.com/people/132995635@N08/)