---
title: "Life Is Not So Negative All of the Time, And It's Normal"
categories: journal
tags: [documentation,sample]
image: lurens_1.jpg
---

I was browsing my Twitter timeline &mdash; avoiding doing any work as usual &mdash; and I came across a tweet:

<blockquote style="display:block; margin:auto;" class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">IMHO, the cause of InfoSec burnout isn’t so much the long hours … it’s when you grow weary of the endless search for anything that’s wrong with everything. Burnout is when this inherently negative mindset impacts your personal life — perhaps inevitably so.</p>&mdash; Jeremiah Grossman (@jeremiahg) <a href="https://twitter.com/jeremiahg/status/1400054732790517770?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 2, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

And it got me thinking. Of course I agree with the sentiment of the tweet, and I kinda see it in the wider scientific community as well. As someone who is dealing with issues like climate change, things that seem impossible to beat if you actually sit down and look at the situation, I get this feeling too. I remember last summer when I had some time off of university work and I got to reflect on the status quo around me, I came to the realization that my outlook on life has been somewhat skewed towards negativity and negative thoughts, a bit due to the pessimistic nature of my studies.

When you spend your entire day trying to find a way out of a seemingly unending maze of issues and obstacles you kind of start to view everyone and everything with that same attitude. The first thing your mind jumps to is always _what's wrong with this?_, and it just ruins some experiences for you. You find youself always cautious about any new development in life out of fear that it will have undesirable consequences.

Now, I'm not speaking for everyone, and I'm sure a lot of people don't feel this way, this is just how I feel. The thing is, I don't think enough of us are even talking about this type of negative emotion. We've all heard stories of scientists who put their entire life into an idea just to find out its wrong at the end. Or, we know of many people who came in excited to solve a problem but burnt out and left because they became disillusioned with their craft. I guess, deep down we all hope this doesn't happen to us. Yeah, right? Surely I will be _the_ smartest to ever do it right? I _will_ solve this challenge, I _will_ push the envelope, I _will_...

I was going to continue the rest of this blog post talking about how we should accept the realities of academia and manage our expectations, but, I felt like I need to talk more about how I feel for now.

Relationships are complicated, and maintaining a stable and happy social life is a very important thing. After covid I realized my relationships with my friends changed somewhat, and I ran into difficulties managing them. I lost a couple of friends that I did not mean to, and may have offended a few. But what hit me the hardest was the sudden removal from that university atmosphere, and I couldn't correctly process the last break up I went through.

Speaking of break ups, 

Song of the day:

_Will I ever find my French Vanilla Butter Pecan?_
<iframe style="display:block; margin:auto" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/5wXZXabu8JyRGNHqgueUHm" width="600" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>