---
title: "Summer Days"
categories: journal
tags: [documentation,sample]
image: nicolas_vigier_1.jpg
---

Summer is officially here (well, it has been here for 2 weeks now, but I'm just getting around to writing a dedicated post for it). I feel well, this has been an amazing summer so far. I have been travelling a lot and meeting with other people, all the while attending my summer studies and work.

The original title for this post was ''Isn't life weird?''. I made it so because I experienced a lot of new emotions in these past few weeks. I got to grips with the fact that me and my family might not even be in the _same country_ in a year or two. Or not even the same continent. It feels strange, seeing people that have always been in your life get so distant from you all of a sudden. But I guess if we keep loving each other in our hearts, we will never truly be separated.

I'm also having a lot of fun getting to know new people. Every once in a while someone comes into your life that understands you so well and gells with your personality so seamlessly that you can't help but wonder _How?_, how did I even live before this person was in my life?

But also I have to remember to stay sane during these times of difficulty, I have to keep the welfare of me and those who I care about above everything else. I have a habit of getting too involved and driving the other person away, I have to remember to give them the space that they need to live. Closeness and bonds are built through time and trials, not by forcing intimacy or rushing things. Its okay to need some space, and I am adult enough to realize this.

I think I will withhold further details, because I think I should respect the privacy of my personal relationships with other people.

Also, I am teaching a summer Python course! It feels weird to say that after just beginning to learn it 2 or 3 years ago. I love how far I have come, and its strange to hear people refer to me with the ''Eng.'' suffix, I still can't believe this day has come!

I think (for some reason) I will end this post with a theorem of mine which I developed about a year ago:

**Theorem.** _life is as beautiful as_ $$e^{i\pi} + 1 = 0$$.