---
title: "My Advice for Successful Planning"
categories: journal
tags: [documentation,sample]
image: stu_spivack_1.jpg
---

So, the background here is that I consider myself a compulsive planner. I have to _know_ what I'm doing in order to not panic about the outcome. And in my years of planning for various events I have developed some quick rules of thumb, first: always have three plans

- An ambitious plan that you're reaching for.
- A realistic plan that provides acceptable improvements.
- A safety that can be executed quickly if things go wrong.

Second: always plan for three timeframes:

- Long-term: 2-5 years from now.
- Mid-term: 6 months to 2 years.
- Short-term: 1 month to 6 months.

Planning this way has allowed me to be ahead of the curve most of the time, and I don't think I've been surprised many times. Currently my ambitious plan is obviously the application for my master's degree. This is set to culminate in about 2 years &#8212; give or take 6 months &#8212; from now. By then I should have a good idea of where I'm going to study, and I hope its a nice university!

My mid-term planning involves my work on my research projects (which I promise I will write about one day) which should be done by next year, by then I should have a good résumé that I can be proud of, hopefully with a couple of publications in it. 

My short-term goals are finishing term 8 on a high (after my disappointing midterms I don't expect much, but I hope I can get a good GPA) and getting this journal article published, lets go!

Listen to this while you plan your future:

<iframe style="display:block; margin:auto" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/16WzW9dHfZMbRVmqbmEdvc" width="100%" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>

Also, lets just all try to help each other and feel better ok?

<iframe style="display:block; margin:auto" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/0Rojd89rS9FVdZTNaYCODH" width="100%" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>


Photo taken from Flickr, by [Stuart Spivack](https://www.flickr.com/photos/stuart_spivack/4156494500/)