---
title: "Hong Kong: It's a Magical Place"
categories: journal
tags: [documentation,sample]
image: darren_brooker_1.jpg
---

I used to live in Malaysia, I really loved it there and since I was very young, I took to the East Asian culture somewhat. I liked living there, from the beautiful weather &mdash; which was always raining so hard the first few nights we thought there was going to be a flood and paniced &mdash; to the amazing people and scenery. The living standard was also good as well, at least for us in the capital, Kuala Lumpur. We lived in a very nice high-rise tower near the city center. We used to take the metro to KLCC (a very big shopping mall near the twin towers) and shop on weekends. Everything you wanted, be it good food, good clothes or anything else, was always a 15 minute metro ride away.

I really enjoyed my time there, and I always wish I could go back. Even today I joke about retiring there one day. Maybe go to Singapore and become a consultant or something, then retire and settle down next to the bay. Whats interesting to me is the amazing people there, everybody is very hard working (not at all in the stereotypical "Asian" way, a very nice blend of seriousness) and friendly and just so nice. I do wish I could fit the clothes better though. What am I? 6 feet? A little below six feet sounds about right.

What motivated me to write this was seeing this music video:
<iframe style="display:block; margin:auto" width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Kp7sZi7KeeY" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

The Hong Kong skyline is so beautiful and mesmerizing! I've never been to Hong Kong myself but I would love to visit it one day and meet the people. Take a boat ride through Victoria Bay during the night (as seen in the picture up on this article) and reflect on the amazing complexity of life and the individual journeys of everyone going about in this busy city. The city may be small but it sure has a lot of soul and inner beauty.

Besides just visiting, I would love to live in countries like Japan and Korea, because I love the culture and feel like I can fit right in (a quick sidenote to my Iranian compatriots; we have much more in common with Korea than we think) especially in Japan which I believe fits my personality quite well. I often dream about wanting to visit the cherry blossoms in Kyoto. 

Other countries on my must-visit list are places like Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam (oh how I love Vietnam) and the pacific islands like Fiji. Where would you like to visit? Have you given it some thought?

Spotify version of the song in the video:

<iframe style="display:block; margin:auto" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/3feuOpHv8MHl9c0updNdvt" width="600" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>

Photo taken from Flickr, by [Darren Brooker](https://www.flickr.com/photos/dbrooker/8750525075/).