---
title: "Self Doubt: Maybe This is not Right for Me?"
categories: journal
tags: [documentation,sample]
image: phil_gartner_1.jpg
---

Well, I think everyone gets like this sometimes right? That inner voice that screams at you to stop what you're doing, constantly torments you and reminds you of every failure, rejection or negative response you've ever recieved. I get this too, it feels like my head is being crushed in by an immense weight that I can't get out from under.\\
I still don't know how to deal with it, or if what goes on in my head is healthy and alright. Every time I face rejection its the same deal; Get turned down, feel incredibly bad for a while, then feel this great burning rage inside that screams "go get em! you don't deserve any of this!".\\
Sometimes I feel like this "passion" that wins me over is a gift, maybe its the catalyst for success? Or is this what athletes talk about when they talk about their drive and motivation? I still don't know.\\
Other days I wish it wasn't there. I feel like giving up and doing something else, something where I know I can feel wanted and good at. Some might argue that I am good at what I do, but I don't know, I guess deep down I don't _feel_ great.\\
Look, I know that you can never truly be the best at anything other than being yourself, but some days I wish life was a little easier. A little more forgiving. But, the reality is that this is not the case, and we have to swim lest we drown. The deep can wait another day, I guess today I choose to swim. Will you?

Song of the day:
<iframe style="display:block; margin: auto" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/64I9byMYBlS1ARsC3vtpgW" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>

Photo taken from Flickr, by [Phil Gartner](https://www.flickr.com/photos/byphilg/)