---
title: "Almost A Full Moon"
categories: journal
tags: [documentation,sample]
image: nicolas_vigier_1.jpg
---

These past few days have been, _hectic_ at best. I had a lot to do ---plus having to travel 500km on demand did not help--- and had to do some things on short notice. Lets just say when all was said and done I was humming this line from [PARTYNEXTDOOR's track](https://open.spotify.com/track/79MSEdtXuudhGhC5AtG07g?si=07f445ea34064d52) to myself.
<blockquote style="    
    max-width:390px;
    text-align: center; 
    padding-left: 5px;
    margin:0 auto;
    width:auto;
    display:table" >
I know you want a break from Toronto
</blockquote>

With my jobs done, I should have found the time to relax, but it seems that I have not. I still have a lot to do (writing a piece for a magazine, teaching, all that cool stuff) and not much time to do them. But I'm sure I will get to them in due time.

I met someone today, well, _technically_ it was 5 days ago but who is counting? Anyway, we went out and had a lot of fun. Even her smoking did not bother me which was a first. I'm pretty sure that if it was anyone else I would've gone off on a tangent about why smoking is bad, but with her everything was too perfect for me to object to anything. We had a couple of beers (with lots of foam) and a huge-ass pizza (one slice was left which my hungry stomach is really kicking me for now) with lots of cubed up chicken. I loved how the pizza had the optimal amount of toppings on it and was really balanced on the tongue.

We also talked and walked under the heat of the sun (my bad, should've known that she would get hot) and debated how long the moon has until being a full circle. How is it that I did not even hold her hand and yet I feel like we were so intimate today? Its like I've known her for all of these college years which is weird since I've only spoken to her since 5 days ago.


I even waxed my shoes before leaving the house which is like peak adulthood for me. I wanted to look my best. I had dark blue jeans, a light blue shirt tucked into my pants with a pair of dark grey sneakers. I love these sneakers by the way, they make me feel like a boss even though they hurt my feet after a while. Also, I even broke out the 1 million dollar man cologne which so far has had a %100 record of impressing women. Gotta thank my dad for that great taste of his. 

When it was time to go it was almost 11:00 PM and we both got taxis home. I stopped until she had got on her way before getting my taxi, which seems trivial to you but to me it signifies how much I've matured as a person and let go of my selfish self. I had a moment of ''everyone for themselves'' but I realized I should probably see her home before going, and I did. There were times that I would've not abandoned others but not have waited to help them either. I'm glad I like her so much that its making me a better person. We also hugged, it was a very nice hug (10/10 would hug again).

Oh, and I kissed her hand which felt nice.

Speaking of liking, I obviously do like her and she seems like a cool person. I think she likes me back (which is nice) and we are getting along fine. We have had pretty similar lives and I think that she _understands_ me more than others do. I miss the feeling of being understood. But we have much to talk about still, and I am looking forward to every bit.

Is this journal turning more into therapy that I like it? I was supposed to talk about scientific interests as well! But its all me so far. We will see. My arm is still bruised from the blood test, I think my blood vessel was torn a bit during the procedure. Damn these vains! God I hate the medical field so much, can't stand cutting people open like that.

Oh baby, we got all night.
<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/3yutmVoNvGHly44oNjq7wg" width="100%" height="80" frameBorder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>

Photo taken from Flickr, by [Nicolas Vigier](https://www.flickr.com/photos/boklm/38145139626/)

